My name is Darkness.
And my class is crusader.
If you would have me...
...I would like to join
your p-p-p-party, please.
I can start immediately.
Mmm, I don't--
Tell me about the women
in your party.
Why are they all slimy?!
What sort of horror
befell those two?!
Oh, they, uh,
they just got swallowed
by a couple
of Giant Toads during--
What?!
Oh, if only I were there.
[KAZUMA] [gulps]
What's up with this chick?
I-I mean, a-as a knight,
I cannot stand by
and watch
two tender young ladies
be defiled by some creature.
[KAZUMA]
Whoa, red flag.
She's givin' me
the crazy-eye big time.
My gut tells me she's like
Aqua and Megumin,
hopeless with a capital "H."
Yeah, I don't recommend
joining us.
One of our members isn't what
I'd call all that useful.
And the other? She can only use
her magic once a day.
And I got no skills.
Sorry to say this,
but our party's trash.
So you'd be better--
Oww!
That is exactly
what I am looking for.
In all honesty,
I have
a slight confession to make.
Although I am confident
in my defensive abilities,
I am quite clumsy.
In fact,
none of my attacks
ever hit their mark.
[KAZUMA]
Well, there you have it.
My gut was right.
That said, I will not hesitate
to charge the frontline.
You can use me as your shield.
Yes! Use me!
-[KAZUMA] Gyah. Too close!
-[thumping]
Being a shut-in
never trained me
for face-to-face situations
like this.
No. It's my adolescent
virgin hormones.
They're being overloaded
by her hotness.
Don't let her seduce you.
Stay calm.
Sorry.
I could never use a woman
as a shield.
I wouldn't mind that.
Yeah, well, we get eaten
by monsters in every battle.
Oh, I wouldn't mind that either.
Huh?
I was right.
This girl is hopeless,
just like the other two.
Oh, brother.
I can't believe I slept in
till noon.
-[AQUA] Ta-da!
-Uh--
[PATRONS gasping, cheering]
-Sprout.
-[PATRONS] Yeah.
[cheering]
[AQUA] Thank you.
Oh, you're too kind.
Oh. Kazuma, look!
Don't you just love
the new skill I acquired?!
It's a great addition to my
already awesome set of powers.
[KAZUMA] That's just
a party-trick, dork.
[AQUA]
KonoSuba!
[KAZUMA]
I have no idea
how to cash my points in
for new skills.
I wanna try,
but I don't wanna get a skill
that's lame, you know.
Hmm?
First, you have to find someone
with a skill you want
to teach you how to use it.
After they do, the skill
will appear on your card.
Then, to finish learning it,
just transfer your points
over to the skill.
So, like,
if I had enough points
and wanted to learn
Explosion magic,
all I have to do is ask
and you'd teach me?
Yes, exactly! That's all
you'd have to do, Kazuma!
If you want to learn
Explosion magic,
I can teach you
as much as you want!
When you think about it,
is there any other skill
that's more worthwhile
to know?
No, there most definitely
is not.
Just say the word
and we shall walk
the path
of explosions together!
[KAZUMA]
Way too close for comfort.
Easy, kiddo.
Don't get so riled up.
I've only got
three points anyway,
so it's not like you--
He said "kiddo."
[KAZUMA]
Huh?
Heh. He called me "kiddo."
[sighs]
[KAZUMA] I gotta find
a quick and easy skill.
Something cool.
One that don't cost
too much points.
-[DARKNESS] Here you are.
-Uh...
Holy crap!
[DARKNESS]
We could not finish our talk,
because you said you were drunk
and felt ill.
Uh, I'm feeling better now.
I was trying
to let her down easy.
Can't she take a hint?
What do I do?!
Glad to hear.
Now, shall we continue
where we left off?
I would like to join
your party, if--
You can't and that's final.
[gasps, whimpers]
So fast. Cruel.
[KAZUMA]
Is she enjoying this? Eww.
[GIRL laughing]
That's not how
you do it, Darkness.
You'll scare people away
if you're that pushy.
Um, who are you?
[giggles]
My name is Chris.
As you can see,
I'm a thief.
I'm also friends
with this poor thing.
[KAZUMA]
Oh, finally.
A girl who seems like
she's got her head on straight.
Just now,
I heard you talk
about wanting
to learn a skill.
Well, how would you like
to learn some thieving?
Huh?
Thief skills always come
in handy here.
Plus, it doesn't take all
that many points to learn.
-[KAZUMA] Seriously?
-Seriously.
Just buy me a drink
and I'll be happy to teach you.
That's it?!
Alright, count me in!
Barkeep, can I get
an ice-cold drink
for the lady here?!
[CHRIS]
KonoSuba.
Okay so, there are all kinds
of thief skills,
like "Enemy Detection"
and "Lurk."
But I'll show you
my personal favorite.
Watch close. Ready?
Yup. Ready when you are.
Show me what you got!
Steal.
-[energy pulsing]
-[grunts]
[coins clinking]
Hey. My coin pouch.
That right there's
a skill called "Steal."
It nabs one random item,
and the higher your Luck,
the better the score.
Anyway, that is how
you use Steal.
Huh.
What say you and I
have a contest?
I stole from you,
now you steal from me.
Whatever you get,
you keep. Deal?
Do not ask him to risk
his money like that.
Well, he is an adventurer.
Taking a risk or two
comes with the territory.
Hmm.
I could lose all
the cash I have.
Still, getting to have
a duel of skills
like this with someone?!
That's what I'm talking about!
Finally, I get to do something
adventure-y in this world!
Sure, I'm in.
Alrighty, then.
Have a look at your card
and you'll see a section there
labeled "skills."
You'll see the stuff
I taught you
and the points it takes
to learn 'em.
Enemy Detection: one point.
And Lurk: one point.
And Pilfer: one point.
And Nature's Beauty--
"Nature's Beauty?"
Oh, that.
Earlier in the bar,
your ally was performing
a party trick skill?
That is its name.
It says it costs
five points to learn.
For that?!
No, thank you.
[angelic music playing]
[crackling]
That's it. Done.
All the skills you picked
are yours now.
Come at me, thief.
You got it.
Don't cry
if I steal something you like.
[CHRIS] If you're lucky,
you might get my magic dagger.
It's worth more than
four hundred thousand eris.
-Whoa.
-But if you're unlucky,
you might get...
these li'l rocks!
Hey. That's not fair!
[giggles]
I don't want to make this
too easy for you.
I love my dagger.
Dammit. She just taught me
something else.
This definitely ain't Japan.
It's survival
of the fittest here.
If I get tricked,
I only got myself to blame.
Here I go!
Steal!
Yes. I stole something.
-[CHRIS gasps]
-[rocks clatter]
[whimpers]
Let's see what I got.
No way!
This is better
than I thought!
Jackpot!
[screams]
G-g-give me back
my panties.
-Whoa! [cackles]
-This isn't funny, Kazuma!
Give it back!
[cackles]
Oh. What a truly savage act.
I must join his party,
now more than ever!
[KAZUMA]
KonoSuba!
[AQUA]
Oh, Kazuma.
Where have you been
all this time?
You missed all of
my dazzling party tricks.
[CHRIS sobbing]
[AQUA]
She doesn't look too happy.
-Oh. You see--
-Indeed.
She taught Kazuma some
of her thief skills just now.
He used them on her,
stole her panties,
and then took all the money
she had as ransom.
Would you please let me
handle this?!
I said I'd give him back
his coin pouch,
but he said
that wasn't enough.
I had to pay to get
my panties back.
[crying]
He forced me to decide
what my panties were worth.
No. Stop talking!
I mean, yeah, that's pretty much
what happened, but still.
[CHRIS] Then, he said
if he didn't like the amount,
he'd have
my panties framed and,
and hung on his wall
like a trophy.
Would you shut up already?
You're gonna get me killed.
Oh god,
every woman here looks like
they wanna chop
my balls off.
I need my balls!
[AQUA] So... did you
really learn a skill,
or were you both
just horsing around?
Huh? Oh, I learned
a skill, alright.
Here goes.
Steal!
[chuckles]
[whimpers]
[KAZUMA]
Uh-oh.
What's your problem?
Did your stats and level
go up or something?
Because your class has gone
from adventurer to pervert.
Now, then,
may I have my panties back?
It's a bit drafty.
You are so icky.
I-I wasn't trying
to steal these.
Whatever I get's
supposed to be random.
This goes beyond savage.
How dare you shame her
in public like this?!
I cannot stand here
and do nothing.
Therefore,
I shall ask you again,
will you let me join
your party?!
-Forget it.
-[gasps]
[moaning]
[KAZUMA] This chick is
a hundred percent freaky.
And the last thing this party
needs is another weirdo in it.
Hey, Kazuma,
is this person the one
you were talking about?
The one you spoke to
while Megumin and I
were in the bath yesterday?
[DARKNESS]
KonoSuba!
Hang on, according to her card,
she's a crusader.
We'd be crazy to turn down
someone as powerful as her.
-[KAZUMA] This sucks.
-See for yourself--
[KAZUMA] I so did not want
these ladies to meet.
Oh well.
I'll try something different.
-Darkness.
-Uh?
[KAZUMA]
I'm sorry, uh,
but I haven't been
totally honest with you.
The thing is,
me and Aqua
might look harmless,
but our mission here is
to bring down the Devil King.
-Mm-hmm.
-Whoa.
-Are you serious?
I know,
pretty awesome, huh?
Anyway, we know how rough
it's gonna get for us,
and we're okay with that.
But what about you, Darkness?
If he catches
a lady knight like you,
do you know
what he's gonna do?
For starters,
he'll chain you up
and torture the hell
out of you!
Yes. I fully expect
he would.
For you see,
since days of old,
becoming his erotic plaything
has been a female knight's duty.
And that alone
makes it worthwhile to go!
Wait. What?
Oh. Sorry.
Did I say something strange
just now?
[KAZUMA] Ah! Never mind.
I can deal with her later.
Look, Megumin,
I meant what I said.
We're goin' after
the Devil King,
the strongest being
in this world.
He's no joke.
So don't feel like you have
to come with us--
My name is Megumin!
Member of
the Crimson Demon Clan!
Wielder of Explosion,
their finest spell!
The Devil King thinks
he's superior to us!
But I shall obliterate
his vile presence
with the strongest magic
in the land!
[KAZUMA]
Aww, crap.
I just made these two
useless girls
even more motivated.
H-hey, Kazuma?
After hearing you say
all that,
I'm not so sure
we should do this anymore.
I mean, taking on the Devil King
is pretty crazy.
If anyone here should be
motivated to, it's you,
so don't start
getting cold feet now.
-[alarm blaring]
-[LUNA] Emergency quest!
Emergency quest!
What the hell's that about?!
[LUNA] We need
all able adventurers
to assemble at the front gate.
I repeat,
all able adventurers,
assemble at the front gate
at once!
[bell tolling]
They're coming!
No one said they were going
to show up today.
-[window creaks]
-[PEOPLE clamoring]
Get the children inside!
-Oh my god, oh my god!
-[BOY wailing]
[ADVENTURER 1] I hope
you're all ready for this!
[ADVENTURER 2]
I was born ready!
Something's headed
straight for us.
I shall protect everyone.
Stay close to me
and you'll be fine.
They said it's an emergency.
Are monsters gonna attack us?
Oh, those aren't monsters,
you silly.
-It's cabbage.
-Huh?
This is gonna get ugly.
A tempest... cometh.
[ALL ADVENTURERS]
It's harvest time!
Unleash the mayonnaise!
[gulps]
[whooshing]
[KAZUMA]
What the hell?!
Attack!
[ADVENTURERS yelling]
[AQUA]
In this world, cabbages fly.
During harvest time, when
they've reached peak flavor,
they don't sit around
waiting to be eaten.
[MEN grunting]
[AQUA] They careen through
the cities and meadows,
across the continent
and the ocean
until they reach
a secluded place,
where they eventually die
without being eaten.
[ADVENTURERS yelling]
It's such a waste.
So we should catch as many
of them as we can...
...and turn them
into delicious meals to eat!
Attention!
The annual cabbage
harvesting season
has finally arrived.
This year's crop
is the best yet,
and we're offering
10,000 eris per head.
We have cages
to store them in,
so catch as many
as you can.
[ALL cheering]
[KAZUMA] Ugh, can I just
go back to bed?
-[DARKNESS] Kazuma.
-Hmm?
Here is my chance.
I will show you my skill
as a crusader
and prove my worth!
[DARKNESS yelling]
She can't hit
a single one of em.
[MAN screams]
Ah!
-[MAN grunts]
-Whoa!
[grunting]
Look out!
[thud]
Huh?
[cabbages thudding]
[DARKNESS grunts]
Retreat to safety.
I have this.
[grunting]
Darkness!
[DARKNESS]
Oh no!
Her armor!
[ADVENTURER]
Forget about us, milady!
Save yourself!
[DARKNESS]
I will not!
[MEN]
Whoa.
Oh man. She can't take--
I cannot abandon
my comrades in battle.
[grunts] I can't. I won't!
Wow. Now that's a knight.
Run away, milady. Run.
[DARKNESS gasps]
[ALL gasp]
[DARKNESS]
They're watching me.
[ALL]
Oh!
[DARKNESS] Rough, uncouth men
are looking at my bare skin
and getting aroused.
It's shameful.
F-filthy.
Glorious!
[KAZUMA]
She's getting off on it.
She's sacrificing her body
to protect those men!
We knights should learn
from her example.
No, she's just freaky!
-[cape fluttering]
-Quake in fear, cabbages.
For no one can stand against
my lethal Explosion spell.
That one's freaky, too.
[MEGUMIN giggles]
When I'm faced with such
a massive army of foes,
how can I resist the sweet,
sweet urge to unleash Explosion?
-I cannot!
-Yeah, you can.
[MEGUMIN]
Darkness shrouded in light.
Frenzied blaze clad in night...
In my clan's name,
reveal the fall of thine origin.
I summon the root
of thy power,
a power so fearsome
it lies hidden
in the kingdom of ash.
Explosion!
[ALL gasp]
[screaming]
[explosion booms]
[ALL screaming]
[screaming]
[WAITRESS]
There's plenty of cabbage
to go around, so eat up!
[KAZUMA]
I can't believe it.
[crunching]
How can a simple cabbage
stir-fry be so damn tasty?
Wait, I didn't come
to a fantasy world
to fight cabbages.
Well, there's no doubt
that you're a crusader.
Even without your armor,
you're so fierce
those cabbages
couldn't get past you.
Well, actually,
I'm just built solidly.
Protecting someone with my body
is all I'm good for.
Aqua, your Nature's Beauty spell
was perfect.
The cold water quenched
everyone's thirst
on the battlefield
and kept all the cabbages
fresh in the cages.
Nature's Beauty!
[AQUA]
Oh, it was nothing.
That's why having an arch-priest
around is important.
-Cheers.
-Thank you.
For what, squirting water?
Well, an arch-priest's
magical water is the purest.
-Really?
-Your spell
was astounding,
Megumin.
-Really?
-You wiped out
an entire swarm
of cabbage in one blow.
-Really?
-That's Crimson Demon power.
-Breathtaking, isn't it?
-Yes.
I've never been hit
by such firepower before.
Don't go makin'
a habit of it.
[giggles]
[laughs]
[sighs]
By the way, Kazuma.
You were pretty amazing
out there yourself.
I agree.
When you turned invisible
with your Lurk skill
and attacked the enemy
from behind with Steal,
it was handled with
the precision of an assassin.
Truly impressive.
Kazuma,
by the holy name of me,
I hereby bestow upon you
the title
of "Great Cabbage Thief."
God, put a sock in it.
Oh, what did I ever do
to deserve this life?!
Yes, well, now you all know
what I am capable of.
As crusader and ally.
So, once again,
I am Darkness.
Even though I wield
a two-handed sword,
please do not expect
too much of me.
I'm far too clumsy and my
attacks rarely hit their mark.
However, I make
an impenetrable wall.
Our party is turning out to have
quite the impressive roster,
don't you think?
First, we have me,
an arch-priest.
Then Megumin,
an arch-wizard.
And now Darkness,
a crusader.
There aren't many parties
where three out of four
of the members
are advanced classes.
[groans, then sighs]
[KAZUMA]
If she was, you know, normal,
I wouldn't have a problem
with her joining.
I mean, she's so hot.
Still...
Huh? Well, Kazuma,
now that we are allies,
do not hesitate to use me
as your shield.
[KAZUMA] ...she's kinky.
A real-life masochist.
To some folks out there,
I bet this looks like
the perfect set-up.
But from where I'm sitting,
it's a recipe for disaster.
If I fail to live up
to my duties,
feel free
to reprimand me harshly.
Abandon me to the clutches
of your enemies, if you wish.
I-I would not mind
their clutches at all.
Oh.
Good sir, I look forward
to working with you.
[KAZUMA]
To my teacher.
I'm learning all kinds of things
in this parallel world I'm in.
Like how its society works,
what being human is,
and what it means to be ali--